===== Review =====


*** Relevance for the symposium (.): 1: Significantly Relevant 2:
Relevant 3: Marginally Relevant

Evaluation=Marginally Relevant (3)

*** Reviewer familiarity with the subject (.): 3: Very familiar with the
subject (expert) 2: Moderatly familiar (knowledgeable in the area,
though not an expert) 1: Not acquainted (my evaluation is that of an
informed outsider)

Evaluation=Very familiar with the subject (expert) (3)

*** 1: Summary (A brief description of the paper.): o artigo descreve a
implementação de um jogo multi-player desenvolvido por estudantes no
contexto de um trabalho final de graduação.

*** 2: Paper strength (What are the positive aspects of this paper,
specially with respect to Originality and novelty; Technical soundness
and contribution; Readability, organization and presentation; Comparison
to previous work; Evaluation.): o artigo descreve a implementação de um
jogo multi-player desenvolvido por estudantes no contexto de um trabalho
final de graduação.

*** 3: Paper weakness (What are the negative aspects of this paper,
specially with respect to Originality and novelty; Technical soundness
and contribution; Readability, organization and presentation; Comparison
to previous work; Evaluation.): o artigo não apresenta as lições
aprendidas pelos autores, tal que elas pudessem servir de "inspiração" 
para outors profissionais da área.

*** 4: Comments to authors (Comments and suggestions for improving the
paper.): o artigo não apresenta as lições aprendidas pelos autores, tal
que elas pudessem servir de "inspiração"  para outors profissionais da
área. sugiro aos autores enfocarem nestas lições e verificarem artigos
anteriores de um congresso antes de submeter o artigo para a referida
conferência.


===== Review =====


*** Relevance for the symposium (.): 1: Significantly Relevant 2:
Relevant 3: Marginally Relevant

Evaluation=Marginally Relevant (3)

*** Reviewer familiarity with the subject (.): 3: Very familiar with the
subject (expert) 2: Moderatly familiar (knowledgeable in the area,
though not an expert) 1: Not acquainted (my evaluation is that of an
informed outsider)

Evaluation=Moderatly familiar (knowledgeable in the area, though not an expert) (2)

*** 1: Summary (A brief description of the paper.): This paper describes
the implementation of an online game as an academic class project.

*** 2: Paper strength (What are the positive aspects of this paper,
specially with respect to Originality and novelty; Technical soundness
and contribution; Readability, organization and presentation; Comparison
to previous work; Evaluation.): The paper is an interesting read.

*** 3: Paper weakness (What are the negative aspects of this paper,
specially with respect to Originality and novelty; Technical soundness
and contribution; Readability, organization and presentation; Comparison
to previous work; Evaluation.): The paper is not a research paper and
makes no contribution to the field.

*** 4: Comments to authors (Comments and suggestions for improving the
paper.): The paper is really an experience report and, while it is an
interesting story to read and the project described was clearly
substantial, there are no elements of a research paper. There are no
research questions, research methodology, findings, or contributions. It
is not at all clear what new knowledge about software engineering in
general has been revealed in this work.


===== Review =====


*** Relevance for the symposium (.): 1: Significantly Relevant 2:
Relevant 3: Marginally Relevant

Evaluation=Marginally Relevant (3)

*** Reviewer familiarity with the subject (.): 3: Very familiar with the
subject (expert) 2: Moderatly familiar (knowledgeable in the area,
though not an expert) 1: Not acquainted (my evaluation is that of an
informed outsider)

Evaluation=Moderatly familiar (knowledgeable in the area, though not an expert) (2)

*** 1: Summary (A brief description of the paper.): The paper briefly
describes the Strings Fighter project focusing on presenting main
features and discussing development issues.

*** 2: Paper strength (What are the positive aspects of this paper,
specially with respect to Originality and novelty; Technical soundness
and contribution; Readability, organization and presentation; Comparison
to previous work; Evaluation.): The application itself is very
interesting and the subject could lead to interesting discussions.

*** 3: Paper weakness (What are the negative aspects of this paper,
specially with respect to Originality and novelty; Technical soundness
and contribution; Readability, organization and presentation; Comparison
to previous work; Evaluation.): The paper does not present details on
development, architecture, validation, and so on, that would make it
possible to assess its contributions.

*** 4: Comments to authors (Comments and suggestions for improving the
paper.): In its current form, this paper is not a suitable submission
for SBES. You need to, at least, add more details, metrics, development
and validation issues to base your comments on.

